Blog Post 19th March 2021 (#204)
puppetlabs/iac: _posts/2021-03-19-status-update.md

---
layout: post
title: "2021-03-19: IAC Team Status Update"
author: pmcmaw
categories:
  - team
  - status

>   - community
>   - holidays
>   - releases
>   - modules
>   - gems
>   - ci
> tags:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tags:
  - community
  - holidays
  - releases
  - modules
  - gems
  - ci
```

Author: Thanks, I literally have no words for what I done there. :-|

Reviewer: it happens :shrug:

## Team Holidays

With St Patricks Day, a company holiday and Easter approaching, some of the team are making use of holidays to extend their breaks.
The team will be working hard in the background as always however some things may slow down, this is expected with less headcount.

## Cloud CI Update

This week we rolled out the pdk update that moves spec testing to Github Actions and removes Travis and Appveyor configurations. With this update we'll also add in the publishing workflow to tag the repository and push to the Puppet Forge, so module releases will be even easier than before. **Once all the pdksync PRs are merged, we will manage to close out another important milestone for Cloud CI.**

During the work for the multi-node testing supported we have uncovered a small issue that was related to the created firewall rule persistence in debugging sessions and we'll have a fix for this as soon as possible. Work is still [in progress](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-websphere_application_server/pull/223) on the [puppetlabs-websphere_application_server][puppetlabs-websphere_application_server] module and we are hopeful to find a solution soon.

## Terminology Changes

> All of our terminology work is coming to a close. What this means is once it is completely finished we will start **deleteing 'master' branches in our repos**. If you are pinning to this, I advise you to address this as soon as you possibly can. This work effort has been carried out on both our modules and tools. Shout out to [David Swan][DavidSwan] for heading up this work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of our terminology work is coming to a close. What this means is once it is completely finished we will start **deleting 'master' branches in our repos**. If you are pinning to this, I advise you to switch over to `main` as soon as you possibly can. This work effort has been carried out on both our modules and tools. Shout out to [David Swan][DavidSwan] for heading up this work.
```
